The tools and techniques for web development have changed a lot over the years. How will you personally try to keep up with those changes and where can you look to find them?

For any big updates that happen or for the type of language version that it uses, I know that there are resources out there that will always be in reach for me. A huge example of that is the MDM website that tells you the basics of a keyword and what you can do with it. For smaller things like specific use or when I go from currently using one language to another, I can use wikipedia and google to help refresh my memory. I know that the examples that I have now aren't all of the possible resources that I can use, but I do know that as long as I stay updated on things, I should know when to change things up.

The lecture and readings discussed the limitations of using floats for layout. What are some of these limitations? Provide an example.

An issue with floats is that it's math doesn't apply to every browser that uses it. For example, the green square float. When you make a square and use floats on it, depending on the browser that calls on it, the shape could become drastically different than what it was originally supposed to be. Something like that makes floats too risky to use when you want to make a website that is accessible on any browser.

Flexbox is built to be language agnostic, so it uses generic terminology like the "Main" or "Cross" axis. Choose a flex property that affects one of these axes on a flex container and explain how it is used. Show how the result can change based on different flex directions and different writing modes.

I will choose the first one that I understood; justify-content. Main axis means the horizontal axis, and that is what the justify-content effects. While on the line that it is on, justify-content can make the content start from the left, right and center. It could also give a different amount of space between the content while sill being on that same horizontal line. When it interacts with something like flex-direction, justify-content will move everything where it belongs on the x-axis, while flex-direction will place the content within whatever placement it needs to be in. This applies for all of the flex directions that interact with justify-content and vice-versa. They all do their own specific thing and will interact with each other in a top-to-bottom order, like a numbered list.
