
In your opinion, what is the most important thing you learned this week? Why?

Honestly, to keep a steady pace during the course. Personally, I have always done classes by remembering what I needed to, then forgetting it for the next class. That pace would always be very fast but I wouldn't remember a thing but the basic stuff. It's a strong habit that I don't what to do in this course, so it was nice to know that a slower pace is basically required. Something I would say might be considered a little more important is the collabration groups that you make. I'm used to doing things on my own, so it's nice to know that I have a little team that I can rely on when I need help.

Describe the general idea of high and low level programming languages using the concept of abstraction.

Abstraction is taking away the lower parts of the whole for the viewer so they can interact with it much, much easier. For example, when computers first came out, it was all done in binary numbers which was not only incredibly tiring to do, but also involved needing a great knowledge of coding and how it works. I would bet that if computers suddenly reverted to that era, NO ONE would use them as much as they do now. If you compare that to today's standards, I would seem like two entirly different topics, but they are rooted in the same code. Every color, letter, number, interaction, desgin and anything inbetween is controlled by the things that you don't even see: binary. Even when you make changes to your computer, you never really touch on the binary that runs it; heck, you could make run better with upgrades! To conclude, low level languages are like the letters and the sounds that we use to communicate everyday, while higher level languages can be compared to words, sentences, paragraphs, essays to every spoken language ever said by people.
Abstraction tells you that low level languages are the letters and the sounds that we rarely think about, but are always there working in the background.

JavaScript was designed to be flexible with values and types, often jumping back and forth between them. Compare some pros and cons of this decision. How might it help you? How might it get in the way?

Because I don't have a language that is my go-to, I'm not entirely sure how I will handle Javascript, but how it is described, it sounds like a language that is difficult for beginners, but once you get used to it, those flexible parts become much more valuable in the long run. For someone who had languages like Python and Java(me) where you would manually change the values and types, Javascript sounds like it would take some time getting used to. For someone new to coding altogether, that flexiblity sounds like a good feature and something to look out for, while I could forget something due to being used to other languages.
